[Update Concept] functions, and complete function arguments (#3067)
exercism/python: concepts/functions/about.md

You can also define your own functions. Those are called [`user-defined functions`][user defined functions].
Functions can run something as simple as _printing a message to the console_ or they can be quite complex.

To execute the code inside a function, you need to call the function, which is done by using the function name followed by parenthesese [`()`].
Data. known as [`arguments`][arguments], can be passed to the function by placing them inside the parenthesese.

> In the function definition any arguments are defined by [`parameters`][parameters].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the function definition,  accepted arguments are defined via [`parameters`][parameters].
```

> Functions can perform different tasks depending on the arguments passed to the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions can perform different tasks depending on the arguments passed.
```

> A function can also return a value using the [`return`][return] keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function can also _return_ a value to the function caller by using the [`return`][return] keyword.
```

The value returned by the function is known as the `return value`.

> The return value is returned to the caller of the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Creation

In python, functions are created using the [`def`][def] keyword.
The function definition is followed by the function name and parentheses [`()`].
Inside the parentheses, the parameters are specified, separated by commas.

> After the close parenthesis, the colon (`:`) is used to separate the function signature from the function body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the close parenthesis, the colon (`:`) is used to separate the function _signature_ from the function _body_.
```

The function body is a block of code that is executed when the function is called.

> The body of the function is indented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the function is indented (_typically 2-4 spaces_).
```

> The indentation is important because Python relies on it to know where that block of code ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indentation is important because the Python parser relies on it to know where that block of code ends.
```

> A value can be returned from the function by using the `return` keyword, which can then be used by the caller of the function.

Reviewer: This is a repetition of the part above, so I think we can remove this sentence.

```python
def function_name(parameter1, parameter2, ...):
    # function body
    return parameter1 + parameter2

```

We can also define a function without any parameters or return value.

```python
def function_name():
    # function body
    pass

```

> Note that the function does need a body, even if the body does nothing, or trying to run the program will generate an indentation error.

Reviewer: Maybe add an example of the error here?  You can't make it happen in the REPL, but when in happens in code, it's fairly inscrutable because all you get is a line number and a random-looking carrot with the error message.  It doesn't even manage to print the function definition.  😱 :

```python
File ~/temp.py:66
    
    ^
IndentationError: expected an indented block
```

## Calling a Function

To call a function, use the function name followed by parenthesese [`()`].

> Parameters passed to the function are placed inside the parenthesese, separated by commas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments (_data_) passed to the function are placed inside the parentheses, separated by commas.
```

Consider the following function:

```python
def greet():
    print("Hello")

```

The above function can be called by using the following syntax:

```python
>>> greet()
Hello
```

> ## Parameters and their Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parameters and Arguments
```

> Arguments are values that are passed to the function when it is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments are data passed to the function when it is called.
```

They can be of any data type.

Let's define a function `add` which adds two numbers together:

```python
def add(first, second):
    print(first + second)

```

The parameters `first` and `second` define what arguments the `add` function will accept.

> (It should be noted that the words `parameter` and `argument` are often used interchangeably, albeit imprecisely.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(_It should be noted that the words `parameter` and `argument` are often used interchangeably, albeit imprecisely.  `parameters` are names used in function definition.  `arguments` are data passed during a function call._)
```

> When the function is called, the arguments are passed to the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the function is called, _arguments_ are passed to the function.
```

> We need to pass arguments for both of the parameters, otherwise a [`TypeError`][type-error] will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the function definition outlines two parameters, arguments for both of the parameters will need to be passed on function call - otherwise a [`TypeError`][type-error] will be raised:
```

A function can also return a value using the [`return`][return] keyword.
The value returned by the function is known as the `return value`.
The return value is returned to the caller of the function.

## Creation

In python, functions are created using the [`def`][def] keyword.
The function definition is followed by the function name and parentheses [`()`].
Inside the parentheses, the parameters are specified, separated by commas.
After the close parenthesis, the colon (`:`) is used to separate the function signature from the function body.

The function body is a block of code that is executed when the function is called.
The body of the function is indented.
The indentation is important because Python relies on it to know where that block of code ends.
A value can be returned from the function by using the `return` keyword, which can then be used by the caller of the function.

```python
def function_name(parameter1, parameter2, ...):
    # function body
    return parameter1 + parameter2

```

We can also define a function without any parameters or return value.

```python
def function_name():
    # function body
    pass

```

> Note that the function does need a body, even if the body does nothing, or trying to run the program will generate an indentation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the function does need a body, even if the body does nothing, or trying to run the program will generate an indentation error:

```python
>>> def my_bodyless_func():
...      

File ~/temp.py:1
    
    ^
IndentationError: expected an indented block
```
The keyword `pass` can be used in the function body to avoid the error.
```

## Calling a Function

To call a function, use the function name followed by parenthesese [`()`].
Parameters passed to the function are placed inside the parenthesese, separated by commas.

Consider the following function:

```python
def greet():
    print("Hello")

```

The above function can be called by using the following syntax:

```python
>>> greet()
Hello
```

## Parameters and their Arguments

Arguments are values that are passed to the function when it is called.

> They can be of any data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be of any data type, including other functions or classes.
```

## Creation

In python, functions are created using the [`def`][def] keyword.
The function definition is followed by the function name and parentheses [`()`].
Inside the parentheses, the parameters are specified, separated by commas.
After the close parenthesis, the colon (`:`) is used to separate the function signature from the function body.

The function body is a block of code that is executed when the function is called.
The body of the function is indented.
The indentation is important because Python relies on it to know where that block of code ends.
A value can be returned from the function by using the `return` keyword, which can then be used by the caller of the function.

```python
def function_name(parameter1, parameter2, ...):
    # function body
    return parameter1 + parameter2

```

We can also define a function without any parameters or return value.

```python
def function_name():
    # function body
    pass

```

Note that the function does need a body, even if the body does nothing, or trying to run the program will generate an indentation error:

```python
>>> def my_bodyless_func():
...      

File ~/temp.py:1
    
    ^

> IndentationError: expected an indented block

Reviewer: formatting error.

> IndentationError: expected an indented block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IndentationError: expected an indented block
```

```

Author: Committed separately.

## Return Value

The return value is a value that is returned to the caller of the function.

> Return value can be of any data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `return value` can be any data type.
```

It can be used by caller of the function to perform further operations.

> If the function does not explicitly return a value, the value `None` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a function does not explicitly define a `return value`, the value `None` will be returned by the Python interpreter.
```

## Return Value

The return value is a value that is returned to the caller of the function.

> A `return value` can be any data type.

Reviewer: Wow. Yeah. That is indeed really confusing.  I did not intend at all to delete `It can be used by caller of the function to perform further operations. If the function does not explicitly return a value, the value None is returned.`.  I like that as well.  Let me double check the file....

## Scope of Variables

If variable is defined inside a function, then it will be only accessible inside the function.

> If we want to access the variable outside the function, we need to use the [`global`][global] keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to access the variable name outside the function scope (_or namespace_), we need to use the [`global`][global] keyword.
```

Reviewer: _ooof_ not sure here if we should go into the dangers of this or just link to them.  The `global` statement is pretty complicated: https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#the-global-statement.  What is especially concerning is that it is read in before the run starts and lasts for the life of the program.  The namespace collision risk is .... ugly.

Author: Yeah, I don't do a happy dance re global variables. Some kind of warning is probably a good thing to implant...

> [`nonlocal`][nonlocal] keyword is used to access the variable inside a nested function.

Reviewer: This might need a little more elaboration, since this is about referencing enclosing scope that's _not_ global, but not exactly local either and may or may not be important when making closures and other nested functions and structures.

Author: Yeah, this area isn't my strong suit, as I've never needed to use either `global` or `nonlocal`. But my experience is pretty much limited to the Exercism exercises.

Anyway, this is from the original about.md which was originally with this verbiage long ago.

Reviewer: Well, the original was "optimistically merged".  😄   But when I get a chance, I'll propose something.  I don't know that we need much ...  but maybe a few sentences and an example.

```python
>>> num = 30
>>> def random_function():
        num = 10
        print('Inside function:', num)
```

As `num` is defined inside the `random_function`, it is limited to the scope of the `random_function` only.
Calling the function will not alter the value of the variable outside the function.

```python
>>> num = 30

# regardless of whether we call the function or not, the value of num will be 30
>>> random_function()
Inside function: 10
>>> num
30
```

We can access the variable inside the outer function using the `global` keyword.

```python
>>> num = 30
>>> def random_function():
        global num
        num = 10
        print('Inside function:', num)
```

As we have used the `global` keyword, the value of `num` will be changed.

```python
>>> random_function()
Inside function: 10
>>> num
10
```

## Functions as first class objects

In python, functions can be assigned to variables and passed as arguments to other functions.
They can be used as return values.
Functions can also be placed into a sequence([`list`][list], [`tuple`][tuple] etc) or as value in a [`dict`][dict].
Functions can be used anywhere any other object can be used.

> This is because _functions are [`first class objects`][first class objects]_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because _functions are [`first class objects`][first class objects]_.
As such, they carry special attributes, and can even define getting and setting custom attributes of their own. 
```

Reviewer: For the intro -- yes.  But I do think that for the `about.md` it's useful knowledge.

Author: I don't feel that strongly about it, so I'll accept the change.

## Scope of Variables

If variable is defined inside a function, then it will be only accessible inside the function.

> If we want to access the variable name outside the function scope (_or namespace_), we need to use the [`global`][global] keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to make the variable name accessible outside the function scope (_or namespace_), we need to use either the [`global`][global] or [`nonlocal`][nonlocal] keywords.
Using the `nonlocal` keyword will signal to Python to make the variable available in the _enclosing namespace_, and is most often used when a function is nested inside another function.
Using the `global` keyword signals Python to make the variable available in the _global namespace_.
This should be used cautiously, as any function or process could then modify the variable without notice.
```

> [`nonlocal`][nonlocal] keyword is used to access the variable inside a nested function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```python
>>> num = 30
>>> def random_function():
        num = 10
        print('Inside function:', num)
```

As `num` is defined inside the `random_function`, it is limited to the scope of the `random_function` only.
Calling the function will not alter the value of the variable outside the function.

```python
>>> num = 30

# regardless of whether we call the function or not, the value of num will be 30
>>> random_function()
Inside function: 10
>>> num
30
```

We can access the variable inside the outer function using the `global` keyword.

```python
>>> num = 30
>>> def random_function():
        global num
        num = 10
        print('Inside function:', num)
```

As we have used the `global` keyword, the value of `num` will be changed.

```python
>>> random_function()
Inside function: 10
>>> num
10
```

## Functions as first class objects

In python, functions can be assigned to variables and passed as arguments to other functions.
They can be used as return values.
Functions can also be placed into a sequence([`list`][list], [`tuple`][tuple] etc) or as value in a [`dict`][dict].
Functions can be used anywhere any other object can be used.

> This is because _functions are [`first class objects`][first class objects]_.

Author: You're right. I think the intent is to indicate that it is a link. It's hard to tell the blue link from regular black text. It would be nice if there was a set way we used to indicate a link that is more noticeable.

```python
def outer():
    num = 10
    def inner():

>         print(num)

Author: I think you may be using an older version of the file, as `x` is no longer used in the code example. The text below did still reference `x`, and that's now been fixed. Thanks!
